[Music]
coming
home. There's
[Music]
no end. I know exactly
what I don't know. Are you coming back?
Are you coming
back? I don't know. Are you coming back?
back? I don't know. And I
tried to
[Music]
sign this love. This
is
[Music]
bests about all the drama and you can
say the same about all
the coming home to life as it should be.
It's like the world standing
[Music]
still
am
I am
[Music]
Let
its weight
[Music]
offests offest. Here's your
problem. Here's your problem.
I'm assumptions are the
rights and I know the
[Music]
words
I
tried to ignore all the signs that are
And
[Music]
babysight off my chest.
All right.
[Music]
Do I needot?
Yeah.
Are we real? Are we rolling?
[Music]
Someone was asking uh
Y'all can hear me,
right? Assuming
so.
Um, yeah, of course I listen to my own
music rec
recreationally. It's one of my favorite
things to do.
One of the one of the things I always
say is that if you're not if you're not
if you're not going to make music that
you want to listen to, then why I don't
know why you would make
music. Um, let's let's take a pause on
that. Uh, so here's there's some lore.
Let's see. Oh dear. Oh, wait. I need to
add my thing. Hold on. Let's add my
thing.
Uh
uh screen thing. Uh that's the wrong
one. There we go.
Nice. So things might look be looking a
little wider than usual surely. Let me
let me see how that looks on
stream. Oh, it is corrupt on stream.
Interesting. Is everybody Are you guys
able to see everything for? So, here's
the This is the left side or right side.
This is the left side
here. Cinematic black strips.
Okay. I wonder how we can
get stream to be in
21 by
9. The black bars aren't being
streamed. So, it's effectively Hold on.
I'm I'mma [__] check my channel
really
quick. I'll explain in a second for
those who don't know. Okay, nice. No, it
looks great. It looks great. Okay, I
don't have to fix anything. Okay. Um,
okay. So, hi everyone. I miss y'all so
much. I miss being at my computer and
being lazy as hell.
[Music]
Um, I did uh the Babscon concert. I hope
everyone who went liked it and everyone
who watched it liked it and [__] Um,
uh, when I got back from from
California, my [__] monitor was
dead. It was dead. The all the pixels
were frozen. All the It was like It was
torn apart. I don't know how it was work
working perfectly fine when I left.
Um, there are tons of odds. You can just
search Violet Mayhem and you'll you'll
find one of them. Some of them Some of
them are like the the stream ones, some
of them are the are like other people's
recordings. Some of them are the 3DS
recordings, which is crazy. Anyway,
uh yeah, so a new monitor just
dropped.
And well, I I didn't think I was getting
an ultra wide. I wasn't intending to. I
probably should have taken more time to
like look at [__] I was like, "Oh, 34
in. says, "Oh, I can get that instead of
32 in." And I didn't like fully realized
it was an ultra wide monitor. So, I lost
a bunch of my vertical space when I play
full screen like PlayStation games like
um like Fortnite when I'm playing
Fortnite. It's my my everything's a
little bit smaller, which is like uh I
don't know if I like that. Um but it's
perfectly playable. I have to just like
sit closer, I guess. So, it gets me to
stop slouching or whatever cuz I I
[__] do hit a weird pose.
when I was playing with my old monitor.
So, it might get me to stop doing that
weird pose and like fix my back or
whatever, but my screen real estate for
like full screen stuff is like smaller.
My screen real estate for everything
else is greater. So, working with
Ableton has been interesting the past
few days with this ultra wide. But, but
um I was like, I don't know if I like
this. I might just give this the this
monitor to my roommate and
uh and get a new
one cuz you know everyone everyone could
use an upgrade of some variety. So I got
another monitor which came
today and I thought I had done all the
proper research for it. Um and it
sucked.
So, it was curved backwards cuz you're
supposed it's supposed to be used at a
greater
distance for whatever reason. Even
though it was advertised as a gaming
monitor, it was like curved backwards to
be like a smart TV. That moment I said
it in front of myself, I'm like, "Oh, I
don't like this." So, then I tried to
like have both monitors, my the ultra
wide in front of me and the big one to
the right of me. And that was when I
realized that the second monitor was
going was just [__] It it just had so
many like smart TV features. Like when I
was setting up the monitor, I was like,
you know, if my monitor is asking me to
scan a a QR code, I'm kind of [__]
aren't I? I was coping for a while. I
was kind of coping for a while.
Um, yeah. I mean, they curve backwards
cuz I I can confirm that when you sit
further away, it looks normal. That's
the point. But it's a dusk M. I don't.
Anyway, long story short, um I made sure
to keep the packaging for the second
monitor that I got. So, that one's We're
getting rid of that
one. We're getting rid of that
one. So, lo and behold, uh I basically
messed around my monitors all day to no
avail and got nothing done out of
it. But, uh but yeah, very sad. Anyway,
um I don't know if I love this ultra
ultra wide monitor life. I'm going to
I'm going to run with it for a while and
and maybe try try again at another point
to get a better thing or whatever. The
thing is is this monitor is not
bad. It's uh not quite 4K, but it's not
quite
2K. It's a weird in between space.
Um, it's 144 hertz, which is great
because I can't live without my 144
plus, but it's really wide. Um, I don't
know if I recommend this for people who
play like video
games. The thing is is I don't just play
video games. I do work. So, it's like
it's really nice for nonvideo games.
It's really nice for non video games.
So, it's so nice. Uh, but for when I
want to play Fortnite. I'm so glad I
played Red Dead on the previous monitor
cuz like oh man, I lost like a in real
life inch or two of vertical real
estate. It's It is good for editing. It
It's good for
work. The monitor is good for all
utilitarian things, but not so much if
you're a Mac gamer like
me. Maybe one of these days I just have
to get a [__] Windows PC. Maybe
that's the way. Maybe I just need to get
a Windows PC and dual boot. Maybe it's
time. But I felt like
uh feel like if I do that, I have to
sort of choose like, oh, am I gaming or
am I playing video games on stream today
type [__] you
know?
Um, Black Ma is calling your
name. Uh, should I play Halfife? Yes. I
I had a plan for today. Uh please don't
go Windows. No, I would dual boot. I'm
not I'm never dedicating my life to
Windows or anything. I need Mac for for
work
always. Mac is always best for
productivity for me. But if I'm just
gaming on Windows, it's
fine. Um anyway, I'm returning it. I
kept the box for the other monitor, not
this one that I'm using right now. It's
in its box right now. I'm going to drop
it off tomorrow. And uh that is the
way.
But let's go do some of the punnel. I've
missed a bunch because I've been busy as
you know. And
uh stream won't be too long tonight, but
we'll we'll have a nice we'll have a
nice
time. Um but I do have the the good
news. the reason why I announced the
track list because I don't know if
anyone saw the I don't know who saw the
track list, but I did I did get the
tracklist out a couple of days ago. I'm
wondering why then did I just get the
track list out cuz I've been showing the
work in progress tracklist on stream a
few times and definitely in Patreon. Um,
the reason why is because during my
California trip, I got all
the
files from a one Alenval Brown for this
album and four of the tracks were
dedicated to if the whole narration
thing worked out. And it did. And I got
all the files and they're all there. And
it's [__] crazy, dude.
Um, let
me I'm not going to play the whole
thing, but just to prove that we're this
is
real. Just to prove this is
real here. Here's a here's a little
taste of what Love and Pony Stamp's
going to have on on for you guys. So,
there she was. Wolf's howl echoed unto
eternity. And as one life concludes, an
infinite many other lives are set in
motion. Erupting from the den of the
many realms, an Imperion Alicorn weeps.
Her juvenile, if perceivably immortal
thoughts, guys, we [__] did
it. We did it. We [__] did it. We
[__] did it.
Um, I think we have uh let me look. Let
me look at my
folder. How many how many minutes of
dialogue do we
have? Need to go to my 11 pon pony step
folder. I gave some instructions for the
scripts in in like the as like the
characters from like this. There was a
part where I specifically said you need
to have like electrochemistry here.
Where's my 11 pony step
folder? Are we sort of
by There you go. Pony stop and then
Okay. All the stems the [__] things.
Okay, that's 2 minutes. That's 13
minutes.
15. Half an hour. 35.
40. We have We basically have like an I
have like an hour's worth of Lenval
Brown voice lines that I have to sort
through. It's a lot of it's just like
variations and like and and making sure
all the pronunciations are correct. But
um yeah, that's that's that's crazy. Um,
I also had him record some like tag
[__] So, you'll like hear uh at some
points in future songs be like Arya the
Huntress
watches. Oh, it's so awesome. It's so
awesome. It's so
awesome. Um, but yeah, that's that's why
I got the track list out cuz we we
finally got that all together.
[Music]
Um, and let it be known that this is how
this is how
uh how how how dedicated I am to
to protesting Gen AI cuz like there's
going to be a person out there that just
like walks up to the [__] Google and
it's like
uh disco ellesium narrator a voice AI
like uh-uh I I I I got the actual
die like get
[__] So, that's
exciting. Okay, let's do a couple of
these. And I probably won't be able to
do all of them,
but cuz we've got a few, but that's a
good backlog for a stream or
two. It was not AI. It's It's the real
We don't do
AI. Yeah, it it did cost a pretty penny.
Um, it might take a while to break even
just on that alone. This album's like
really expensive for like no reason.
I've been doing a lot of like art stuff
and like, yeah, getting a lot of
collaboration stuff going.
So, I usually try to make it so the
album will probably break even within
the first day if possible. I don't think
that's happening this time, but
Love and Pony
10. But yeah, buy the album because buy
the album because you need to own it or
pirate it. I don't get money if you
pirate it, but I'll get it some other
way if you uh share it with a
friend. Get Mike Shaper doing the Gman
voice next. You know what? You guys
don't tell me. I'm like, "All right, I
feel like we could do that. I would I
would love I would love to get uh the
narrator
for um Stanley
Parable. There's a weird filter on the
audio. I was playing it through
Soundcloud. SoundCloud has like dog [__]
compression. It was really Sorry. It was
like really funny to stand on stage and
like have the vid voice come through the
PA, but I was like standing there like
the same person that was like standing
there previously, except the voice is
different now. It's like that was really
funny.
Okay, it's not such time, is
it?
Okay.
Place in the sky.
No. Oh. Oh, this is a wave wave by wave
for wave or wave by wave. I don't
remember. Wave for
wave. No matter what
2022.
No. Oh, 2021. No, it is right. 2022 is
the the big one.
Do we say cross or can I type like this?
That would be funny if you could just
type the
thing. Weird delay on the desktop sound.
Uh, let me see. There might be. Oh,
there.
Yes.
Okay. Sorry. Um, because I had to add
the the screen
thing. Now it there shouldn't be.
You know
what? As a recompense, let's let's play
that again.
Play that
clearer. So
sorry. So there she was. Wolf's howl
echoed unto eternity. And as one life
concludes, an infinite many other lives
are set in
motion. Erupting from the den of the
many realms. An imperion alicorn weeps.
that like the the word
den there was just like erupting from
the den of the many like how do you get
how do you get there with your
voice? That's
incredible.
Um yeah, that was awesome. It's awesome.
Sorry. I It's cuz I So, what happened
was I added my my monitor to uh the
stream and then I forgot to turn off the
volume because I have the volume on
different channels elsewhere. So, it's
basically just doubling my audio with
it.
Syndicate Shelly sounds
different. Okay.
[Music]
That's just uh Meridian, I
think.
Jealousy. Did I talk about on stream how
uh jealousy
was originally? Well, uh um Bit of a
Monster was originally a jealousy
remake.
[Music]
I'm not Norf. That's a way
word. I think that's Fisher's Landing,
right?
No. Oh [__] It was uh same
key. Uh I I'd need the full title.
Did everyone who went to the show think
that the show would be so like Paradise
Valley coded? By the
way, that was my favorite thing was
like the Paradise Valley representation
for the show is one of my favorite
things. I'm talented.
[Music]
Speaking of
which, Prom Night Equestria
1988 did not play Sledge in full eight
times.
[Music]
Oh, there's uh can I spell it right?
Will I spell it right?
Nice. And aside from antonym, zero cutie
marks. Zero cutie marks
representation at the show. I wanted to
play prom that Equestria, but when I was
rehearsing it, um I was like, I this is
really difficult for me to hit where my
voice is
now. I might try and re-record that song
with my current voice so I can perform
it. Let's do a couple more and then
we'll go on to our main thing for today.
I think that's 2013 just from the
mixing. Oh, no. Is it 2012? Oh, never
mind. Uh, whoa. Is no the heretic. I
keep wanting to say wo is me
first. What's my keyboard? It's
a Can we get
that custom I built? I feel like we'll
be showing this keyboard every like few
few streams.
Queen is
back. Kid who kept
running in a rush. And it's the original
one. Nice.
[Music]
I don't like that. I don't know what
this
is. It sounds like something from home
[Music]
word. It's not strangers, but I just
feel like saying it
anyway.
Oh. Oh,
okay. Netherlands.
The magic's
show that medley of visions. That one's
pretty
easy. Pony
rock
shivers. Nice.
here.
No.
Oh, just Homeward. Wait, no, wait, wait.
What's it
called? [__] It's It's the third song
from Homer. Convergence. Why Why did I
forget
that? There's no There's no song called
Home Word. Why did I type that?
I mean, never
mind. Sorry, I'm breaking. The title
track is the first song. Okay, regroup.
I'm
normal. It's Mystic Acoustics that
doesn't have a title track. There's no
song called Mystic
Acoustics. Okay. I'm a fake fan.
[Music]
I don't know what this is. I want to say
shelter
destinies destined
destinies. Okay. Oh, it's Ursa Major.
Sure.
Uh that's harbor part
two sanctuary. Wait.
Okay. Yeah, it probably is. Yeah, it
probably is. Okay.
What am I
doing? Harbor.
Thanks
to catching
[Music]
on.
Okay. Sure. All right. Let's do one
more.
Do they hear us?
Okay. I don't know what that one
is. Oh, I just want you
to notice
me. I light up for all the all the alloy
notice.
Cherry
top. I think that's medly of visions,
right?
Yeah. Don't ask me how I know.
Okay. Okay. That's just
that's too much for this
chat. I'll do one more.
[Music]
Rest now, little Should I say the whole
thing? Rest now, little wolf. A vigil
for Arya. Or how the lamb stood in an
empty room filled with empty
friends. Okay.
Well,
wait. Got it. Whole thing. Whole thing.
Whole thing. Whole thing.
[Music]
Uh, I don't need to be
fixed. Excuse
me. I'm looking at my my uh volume
monitor on my other screen and it's not
outputting a single
bit. There is nothing here.
Okay. What could it
be? Thinking with my big
brain. What a boring song. Sad.
Colorless. Colorless is I'm I can't rely
on the colorless pick.
[Music]
Um, I'm eating
almonds. Damn. What would it
be? What if it's uh
I don't know. I don't
know. The almonds are
good. It's the smokehouse flavor, so
it's kind of
barbecuing.
Um, man, I don't know.
[Music]
Um,
alignments.
Okay.
[Music]
Oh.
Um, hard to say anything. I love this
song. Serpent Dance.
I remember I got one comment a couple
years
back, someone being like on Serpent
Dance, it's so nice of you to get the
top five videos, girl, on on this
song. And like that was before I I
started introducing Vid into like the
music part of
things. Really
funny. Medley have visions again.
Okay. So,
today look at the [__] in
why
today we're
doing this. I'm going to start a new No
Man's Sky
thing.
Then we can
[Music]
all have a wonderful
time if it hurryries
up.
Wait, wait. No man's guy. Wait a minute.
Cuz this game is so chill, by the way.
I'll probably be reading chat a lot
compared to like other
stuff. I'm going to show you all my
favorite thing.
I have this text between me and Silver
from like
2016 and I'm still obsessed with it. Hi
Fluffy. Hi
Fluffy. I'm still obsessed with
it. Like Izzy so confidently said this
is spaghetti. It like so isn't. It is
like so extremely not spaghetti.
But they said it so
confidently and I just love that.
Okay, there we go. Look at that. We're
going to have wide. We're going to have
wide
I'll figure that out
later. So, we're playing this
game. We're playing this game. We're
going to play No Man's Sky when it's
wide.
And the glorious thing about all that is
we get to name everything and uh we get
to discover this world etc etc
etc. I played No Man's Sky a little bit
before. So very
quiet. There is no sounds. Oh yeah. I
need to add it. Give me a
second. Oh, that's a place. Hold
on. Yeah, hold on. I'll add the thing in
a
second. It just needs to get me out of
this cut
scene. I really have landed on evil
world, you know. I'll just
Oh,
okay. Guess that
works. We're
[Music]
doing What is my thing? It's like
computer
audio. Going to be loud for a second
maybe. I don't know. I know it's not
really going to be
You should be able to hear it now.
Question mark. Oh, no. Maybe
not. I wasn't seeing it on my
thing. Where?
I'm not seeing it on the
thing. Oh,
wait. I'm
stupid. There we go. That's fixed. No
man's sound.
Okay. I don't know why the sound is so
quiet.
Oh, motion blur. Stop
it. I swear I disabled that. Where is
the motion blur?
What was the button for for third
person. That's
Yeah, the menu sounds really nice.
Uh it might just tell me at some
point.
Oh. Oh, I love that.
It is kind of
wool guys. This is our own little Verona
world.
Okay. Oh my
goodness. Okay.
jar. Oh, it's
cobalt. Yeah, I remember being super
hyped for this game back in like 2016 or
whatever.
prepared. And then it was, you know, the
way that it
was and now it's like a really nice
game, which is
incredible. Everyone's already sung
their praises about this a
lot, but still incredible.
Oh. Oh.
Oh. Little shitling. I love
it. So, the story with with
[__] So, the story with Ron Paradise
is
um I'll tell the story. I'll tell this a
few times. I'll I'll tell it. So, set
the record here. What happened was
um I when in 2014 I had the tendency to
say the word bro instead of bro. It was
something I picked up from my like
European friends specifically my friends
who are living in like the UK and a
friend of mine who is in Finlands.
They're very deep into like the the
cloud rap community and stuff
and they the cloud rap community got it
from like XXXTentacion who you know is
evil so we're reclaiming it from him. Um
uh we can just forget he ever said it.
Um, but I had the tendency to say row
from like 2014 to 2015 and then I kind
of stopped saying it. Then like last
year I
um last year I saw a bunch of things on
Pinterest of people like using VO and uh
I was like, "Oh, I this would be funny
to bring it back." And
um everyone started getting really
obsessed with it, especially Baddy. And
Baddy was like uh started saying it over
and over and over again like Batty,
please. Let's not make this a thing
though. But Patty kept going and then
and then it spread to everyone. I'm
like, "Okay, I guess it's a thing." And
then um I like using the the the word
nut as like a suffix to add to things
like like um kind of literally anything.
Uh, I'm like, "Yeah, I'm looking with my
eye nut right now or I hear you with my
ear nut and [__] I've been saying
this." Um, and then it just tacked on
with Ro to be
ronut. And I said that and then then
Baddy again started clinging on to that.
It's like, "No, please don't make this a
thing. It's not donut. It's literally
just like adding nut onto words cuz it's
funny."
Um, and then and then
um I don't there's this like sort of
like
linguistic peculiarity of describing
ethereal situations with these just
insane words. And so I must have at some
point said Verona paradise because no
one knows what that means. But I love
saying [__] that doesn't actually
compute as something anyone would say.
And
um I
think that was just the
end of everything and everyone started
saying like this is the we the thing
that Baddy came up with. I remember
Batty was like we are the Vonuts of this
world. I'm like I don't know what that
means. That's like so
true. Like we are the ver and then it
just we just started like it yeah it
just went downhill from there. It was
great. Oh, animals. Oh, animals. Okay,
we're looking for
sodium. Give me
sodium.
Wait, I eat
it. I eat the
sodium technology.
[Music]
Oh, it's so kind.
Oh, it's so pleasant. Pleasant. All
right, my
ship. Oh, where's
my Okay.
Yeah, it's not letting me switch with X
right
now. I might need to get past like the
base tutorial or
something. I'll double check.
Yeah.
[Music]
It's not too big a deal right now. We'll
figure it out later.
That's my backpack. We can name
everything. I'm pretty sure. Well, not
that. I
guess we're going to name this
thing this machine.
It really did land me in hell.
I've started this game three times and
this is like the h most like what the
such peculiar
things. Did you just make the biggest
chip ever noise? I don't know what that
means. Also, hi comment.
I feel like we shouldn't actually have
to unlock the third person. I might just
be doing something wrong. I've been
pressing X and that's not
it. Oh
well. It's really not the biggest
deal. What is wrong with you?
Oh, why can't you be born
differently? This one
[Music]
sucks. God's
mistake. Quite
literally. Like it also hasn't given me
the the button for
uh identifying an object yet. So we
probably need to progress a little bit.
Leave my fro
alone. Wait. Fluffy. Fluffy. If you're
here, that's you.
This is the
you fuffy and
[Music]
heire. Why is dihydrogen different to
hydrogen? I It's in the
name. It's in the name.
It's literally two twice of
protection.
Yeah, I
know. When you see that, is that another
player or is that just like for
added whatever? Sorry, I still haven't
figured that out
yet. Veronium 328. You're just saying
[__]
now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Something
something the the thing. Uh sure
one.
Mhm. Yes, bro.
Oh, that's a radiant pilf. I was so
excited. I find myself alone. I need to
fix this [__] Blah blah blah.
Dylan Francis was in your ship. It goes.
No
way. Can we could this could our can our
our No Man's Sky lore just be like the
EDM
universe? Like Oh my god, Master Dead
Mouse. No way.
Component repaired.
Um, maybe I just have to rebind the
cricket menu.
Oh,
what? Why is it middle mouse?
Why is it middle
mouse? What did I rebind X
to? There's just like no
X.
Okay.
Sure. Have a good work, Helmet.
This is more like Ron
Hell.
Okay. There we go. I just sort of prefer
it in third person. I don't know what
everyone else prefers it as.
We'll see if I actually prefer it this
way.
I'm out.
data received.
Show me the
money. I see the money.
What's the dumbest way you've managed to
injure yourself?
Um, when I was like 10 or something,
uh, a classmate of mine, we were in like
a a bouncy house or someone's
birthday and he like jumped on my hand
and it didn't even really
hurt. But ever since that day, my thumb
doesn't like thumbs up properly. It's
like it's like [__]
up. It never hurt. It just doesn't look
normal.
Weather warning. Incoming storm. Oh,
that's exciting.
Okay.
Sorry. Technology recharge.
protection.
I'm like [__] by the
storm this early. I don't see a cave or
anything.
Am I like dead
already?
That's not very fair.
Protection. I'm like actually dead.
Extreme heat damage detected. Oh, I
know.
No, I know. Don't worry about
it. There is sodium there.
Extreme heat damage detected. Oh, I
know. You're not
normal. I feel like you're barely seeing
this. Oh.
The storms.
I know. Oh, I know.
Temperature levels stabilizing.
No, this is No Man's
Skying.
[Music]
Temperature levels
stabilizing. Temperature levels
stabilizing.
Technology
installed. There we go.
I can do the scan now.
Can look at objects and decide that
they're interesting. That they're
interesting.
Units
received. I kill this thing cuz it's
nice
too. It is so very
pleasant. Yeah, I've played Black Mesa.
I also played HalfLife 1 and two a
billion
times. Would everyone be mad at me if I
played them
again? I can literally play Halfife one
and two like over and over and over
again. Why are you walking like that?
What? You're not supposed
to. Can you
receive
received received?
Is that called the Coco Melon?
The grand the
grandomovium. You know
what? Where's our compendium thing?
Nice. That's the cocoa
melon. [__] I've literally forgot that
I renamed it that two seconds after and
I saw that. That would actually [__]
scared
me. I literally just did it.
Units
received. Units received.
Skip skip skiitty res melon.
Units received.
Is that supposed to be up there?
Pretty sure those are supposed to spawn
underground, but
whatever. Gibbity toilet collab
one. Get Fortnite to collab with with
me.
Imagine a wolf and Arya skin. I'm
crazy. It'll be Arya with like wolf as
like a little like
a back bling tool.
Ara in the
Nikes. I
mean, being a god doesn't not make you
vain.
Comparant prepared.
I need to do the Uh,
prepared.
Technology recharge.
Help.
Component prepared.
Very good.
The
O jeul
system. Oh, tower system.
[Music]
It's just that it's as it's as shrimp as
that.
We're in the scuba diving for Jesus
mobile.
Heat. Heat.
Alert. Navigational data received.
Oh, we're going to the lint ball.
Oh, it
Here we are in the lint ball. Welcome to
the lint ball. It's so
cold. Oh.
protection falling.
Oh, no.
No. Mean to me.
back.
Ah, this place is the lint ball is so
mean to
me. Why was it so mad at me?
That was not very nice.
Recharge.
mean to
me. So rude. So rough. This is not
gentle or kind.
Don't be
mean. I don't want to fight the
animals. Did I almost like emote at it?
I
can't.
No. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop it.
Stop
it. The one's just a baby. I don't want
to fight
it. I don't have bait. I feel like it's
too early for me to have bait.
Can't even get up
here.
Okay. Okay.
Protection falling.
Where is my
I should have landed the ship closer.
Oh, why are we
fighting? Oh my god, I'm so nice when
she gets to know me.
Not
really. Are we done
chasing? Stop slipping and
sliding. Oh, what are you? You're like a
giant rat.
Bear
porcupine. That one is so
kind. Wait, why did I walk all the way?
Why did all this happen?
Why did this series of events happen?
protection.
[Music]
I didn't need to do that.
Technology installed.
protection for
[Music]
Is that thing called a
Weedosaurus? I didn't even name
that. It's It's called a Weedosaurus.
That's the end of fall.
I think I have I I'll read the chat a
bunch since it's such a chill game, but
I keep forgetting
to That's an art. That's a big ass
artich choke. Actually, it's a spot for
for
vhus. Are you beefing with me again?
Dude, I'm so nice. I'm not even
mean. Oh, good. I got meaty chunks. I
know. Everyone was waiting for that to
happen. Hi, Shad.
[Music]
Yeah, I'll switch it back to
Switch it back to first person for
now. Units received.
protection falling.
What's this time on? I'm just on Mac.
That's cobalt, but
whatever. First place isn't that
bad. Cobalt's still
useful.
Am I losing it or is it not telling me
where the uh
protection deployed?
No, why beefing with me?
Huh? received.
[Music]
Oh, I didn't need to enter the visor
mode. That's right. I'm stupid.
It's not a scanner thing.
Protection. It does feel cinematic and
ultra ride.
Why am I frozen solid? Oh, that's why.
Units
[Music]
received. Yes, this is Starship
Ponyville.
Hello. As a pony, I yearned for the
mines.
protection deploying.
Technology recharge.
I
win. I want to I want to climb Mount
Scuba.
Stop weeping with me.
protection
deploying. Infantry flow.
support technology recharge.
Technology recharge.
[Music]
base computer online.
protection falling.
Uh.
Extreme cold damage detected.
Yeah, I
know. I'm like kind of in danger.
Technology recharge.
Extreme call damage detected.
[Music]
Uh, what am I trying to do here? I need
to like
extreme damage. Yeah, I know. Believe
me, I know. I'm going to die
though. I could kind of build this
time. Extreme cold critical. Yeah,
I need carbon. That's the other thing.
[__] Extreme cold critical.
Technically, I could call my ship there,
huh?
Yeah. Extreme cold.
I don't know. I didn't think about that.
It's up on the [__] thing.
It doesn't matter. I have the life
support for it, I think. Oh, no, I
don't. Don't show me a Douglas Adams
quote. I
breathe. Okay. Well, I died like
seven seconds away.
Protection falling. Weather update.
Storm
clearing. I need more.
more fairy death. Oh, whatever.
It's I made it all pure fate.
Stop. You're so rude.
I'm not bullying. It's bullying me.
[Music]
Computer online.
Yay. Temperature levels stabilizing.
I have a heart.
Okay.
[Music]
protection falling.
I have to kill the Weedosaurus.
Weather warning. Incoming storm.
I am received.
Item
received. Item received.
That's a dog.
Now protection falling.
Why must it be storming all day long?
Are you
dead? It's storming every day, every
minute of this planet. It's
great. And there's no like fite
[__]
Temperature levels stabilizing. Weather
update. Storm clearing. Oh, now the
storm's
clearing. Gender FA oriented only.
Sky, you're so rude.
Now protection falling.
How much metal plating? Suspicious
horse. I need one more.
I wish someone had made a sky. No
man. Journey milestone completed.
Fat. Get fatter.
[Music]
Temperature levels stabilizing.
Units
received. Might be the only time it's
been difficult to find [__] fite.
Usually it's everywhere in this game.
Yeah, I'm going Protection
deployed. Units received.
Oh my
god. Objects.
I love rusted metal. How did you know?
Technology recharging.
beefing from miles away.
Truly, can I troll
you?
[__] It was I who was trolled.
Why didn't I see these earlier?
Literally, why didn't I see these
earlier?
Who's
yelling? Are you gay?
Prove
it. Get with that one
now. Get
married
immediately. Oh, now I need carbon.
Well, I know these things. Creature.
Yahi. Everything is creature Yahi if you
don't think too hard about it.
Now protection
falling. Why?
ground protection for
Oh.
Temperature levels. I am no longer
freezing.
Technology recharge.
protection
falling. Oh my god.
You don't
in the Vonut Bay.
in the Verona paradise. You know how we
abna
A babnikaf.
Temperature levels stabilizing.
Technology recharge.
Protection falling.
[Music]
Item received.
Police computer online.
technology recharge.
Oh.
We're at Porter Robinson's
house finally.
[Music]
Here comes.
Units received.
Units
received. All
right.
These things are so pleasant.
I
am. Wow.
Doggy.
Okay. All
slain.
Wow.
Wow. Heat. Heat.
off Gwennneth at the Wanted apparently.
skull cuz the bones are their money.
So lovely.
How did you
play? Um, I was lost, but I saved
Yeah.
Okay. I will stop the game for now and I
will end
stream. Not too long stream. Probably
longer next. Getting new stream cards
and stuff I
think. So, uh, thanks for coming and
bye.